have you been able to with your with your mother I talk
to my mother every day have you been able to
see her hand eh No the truth is that no you have not
seen anything It's that alone I mean I'm not going
to talk about the subject yet but have they told you
some episode Sofia I will
always support my mother first words of
Sofia Cristo after the interview bar
documentary of her brother Angel Cristo
about the life of her mother, of her father and
of herself I have seen Sofia Cristo
completely broken It seems that she does not feel
like doing anything despite the fact that
many of us suspect that all of
this could be prepared and that everyone
in the family agrees that
this has happened what I know is that I
have an incredibly wonderful mother and that she has
given us absolutely everything and not
only on a material level but on a level of
love affection and everything and she has left her
skin for us that time puts
everything in its place And the truth is that she only has
one way and she
has stated that in any case if she has to take measures or if she has to respond to something she will do it where she has to do it legal measures will be taken time will tell If at some point eh I have to make a determination it will be where I have  what to
be